Add note about pruning in S3 mode (#1689)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/external-storage.md

}
```

> Set a bucket-level lifecycle configuration so that S3 automatically deletes old binary data. n8n delegates pruning of binary data to S3, so setting a lifecycle configuration is required unless you would like to preserve binary data indefinitely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a bucket-level lifecycle configuration so that S3 automatically deletes old binary data. n8n delegates pruning of binary data to S3, so setting a lifecycle configuration is required unless you want to preserve binary data indefinitely.
```
